oh we have cat with us oh Michael made
it okay what's what's your cat's name
Jen Gabe he's kind of like a dog he
wants my attention constantly so yeah
don't get bored in a minute and I'll be
able to kick him off ever since I had a
baby my dog has been like starved for
attention and he's like like jumping on
a super jealous
alright we are all set with the
recording so Michael you can get us
started
hey everybody awesome okay let's start
with just some updates from the team I
actually don't have months I've been
kind of underwater what was just like
meetings and catching up on emails and
stuff so I don't have a lot of progress
on like sort of okay are some projects
and stuff but yeah it's moving along
Portia yeah yeah I finally got um the
post give me a moment I finally got one
feature up and running for the community
sink helper but so people can paste
their agenda and paste their agenda and
it'll be put on github as a github issue
so that's pretty cool on the second
thing I'm working on is we would like to
have an announcement bar so that we can
get more people and more people people
from the community to show up for our
community sinks and we'll start with the
ipfs weekly so working with Olli in
terms of just going through the hugo
site that we have and going through the
partials and such and finally i've also
worked on first steps in terms of our
contributor experience so i'm currently
creating outline where we can figure out
what are some of the pain points
contributors have and to look at some
and refactor so
the documentation so that's going to
begin really soon
and so that's what I've been working on
can I just ask you and that announcement
bar is that to show up on a website
where does that go
yeah that shows up on an IP FS Donna
okay cool anyone else have questions for
Portia so yeah so um it'll show up on a
home page you'll be up there for like
two hours or so and then it'll go away
so people would know hey here's a zoom
elite and here's where we can like link
in and we can click on the link and get
to the call carry a pic yeah I have a
few so it's become a never-ending job
helping chapter organizers set up their
chapters which is great that we have so
much interest so I think this is maybe
all since last week Mumbai Hong Kong and
Seattle are live DC Beijing and Berlin
are in process so in our agenda you'll
find links to the chapter listings
request in progress chapter setup
instructions if anyone's interested in
finding any of that and as I've been
going I've been kind of creating
templates for myself to try to make the
copy and paste you easier and make the
whole process faster as I go so as I
kind of master that and get it to what I
want then we can look at how we would
automate it but for now I'm just kind of
playing around with the system and
seeing what works I started trying like
Michael suggested last week having a
couple of open issues to start the
organizers getting in that mode of oh
here are things I should do i can use
the issue queue etc so given that a shot
and we also now are including a code of
conduct from the beginning in the
template which the organizers can change
if they want to but since that's one of
the requirements before a chapter can be
listed on our site it's not part of that
original process that we give them to
start with so one of the things I did
which is part of our okay ours is to
kick off a discussion about the proto
school Road
by the end of this quarter that's one of
my goals is to have our roadmap for the
year laid out so in our agenda here
you'll find a link to the github issue
where we started that roadmap discussion
and then Michael had suggested kind of a
messaging exercise that they tried and
liked for IP LD so I created a Google
Doc where we can explore some of that
like looking at slogans and tag lines
and who is actually the audience that
we're trying to talk to you so please
feel free to jump in on either of those
documents we got a hex ticker designed
for proto school which is awesome
there's a link there to where you can
see the design and I will let you know
as soon as we have the process in place
for how you can go about requesting
those for your chapter events oh so I
spent some time with Ellen sha going
through the existing resources on the
file API there are some tutorials and
examples and things out there and then
the documentation itself and I'm doing
all of that in preparation for building
a proto school tutorial on the file API
because it feels like a more compelling
use case to want to share a file than to
want to share some random JavaScript
object so that's our next like top
priority tutorial and you can find a
link in the agenda to that issue where
I've laid out after going through the
existing resources I laid out what I
think the tutorial would look like in
terms of like the commands you'd learn
in what order and I'd love feedback on
that before I get started to building
but that's one of my next big to deuce
and the other thing I'm doing which is
sort of tangentially related is I'm one
of the organizers this year for the
global diversity CFP day here in Boston
but this is actually a global event I
included a link there so you can check
out check out events near you so this
event is aimed at people from
underrepresented or marginalized
communities and this is in the context
of tech conferences right so women are a
great percentage of the population but
you're not going to see that
much on the stage at a tech conference
so women and people of color and all
kinds of folks who we don't see as much
as we'd like to you on tech stages the
event is a full-day workshop that's
structured to give people tools and
feedback from people with more
experience about how to get conferences
to submit to and how to write compelling
abstracts and design slides that look
good and that'll impostor syndrome or
nerves or all of that stuff so this is a
great event I went as a student last
year and gave a few talks this year so
I'm happy to be mentoring mentoring is
open to everyone even if you are someone
who we would expect to find out in a
tech stage we'd love for your feedback
so and feel free to go to that global
site this is something you might want to
share with your chapters too if you're a
chapter leader because the more people
in your chapter feel comfortable
speaking about technology about anything
really
the more they can be kind of
evangelizing for all of these
decentralized web concepts so that's the
connection back to this group and then
next up for me is that file API tutorial
like I said I'm also gonna start
recruiting authors and content for a
publication that will be coming soon so
the publication itself does not exist
yet but that doesn't mean we can't start
working on the content so I will be
hoping to find people with great stories
about the decentralized web whether
that's use cases of cool things they've
built with ipfs or sort of thought
leadership type pieces on why the
decentralized what matters any of those
things tutorials any of that stuff so if
you're interested feel free to reach out
to me personally um and then I just want
to give people a heads up that I'm gonna
be out from January 30th to kibriya 4th
at git merge and Fossum in Brussels so
you should expect slower responses from
me during that time that's up any
questions on any of my stuff Jen do you
want to give us an update on any sort of
newsletter stuff or any other stuff in
your area
I don't have an update so much because
it's pretty routine but I did want to
come and like I guess my stuff is kind
of more towards the discussion end of
the meeting but I wanted to get feedback
from you all see how I can support this
group like through the newsletter if
that makes sense like I liked being able
to push out the proto school stuff but
any other community endeavors that are
going on that the the greater community
should know about and then I'm going to
be posting an issue in the newsletter
repo just asking for feedback in general
because I know there was the issue of
like people wanting the contributors to
be listed every week and there's some
functionality there that is beyond my
pay grade in order to do that but I was
curious like I've been doing it for a
few months now if people had ideas for
stuff or wanted to see it changed in any
way so yeah but does anybody have any
questions for me I guess about
newsletter stuff um I don't have any
questions but I do have a comment I
think what we would like to have in a
very near future is to like highlight
like maybe like one contributor as
opposed to like having a laundry list so
we'll just take like one contributor um
well what we can also have like an
interview we can interview certainly
contributors and have that publish so
they can talk about how to get started
what was their motivation and what
exactly are they working on in terms of
ipfs I like that cool thank you
you
Michael you're on mute will you talk to
us
damn it sorry I was saying let's move
into the sort of open office hours
portion now does anybody have stuff they
want to bring up or discussions that
they want to unpack now as well hi it's
Kevin from Hong Kong fans are Terry for
me helping me to set up the hong kong
photo school and i just yeah and and i
just have a little update about the
carrasco hong kong the process and we
actually have been in touch with some of
the hong kong top universities and then
to see if we can bring the produce
school or even promote the idea of
Polish school into the school so because
actually educating the public in Hong
Kong is not a easy job and I think with
the help of the schools we can get some
more people to learn and contribute to
the community so that's what we are
working on right now so we just want to
gather like more people to the community
and actually to contribute to the
community yes that's what we do we're
doing right now very cool um yeah it's
very cool and what we would like it
would be cool for us to know like
exactly how are you out out reaching to
these universities and who are you out
reaching to feel like are you out
reaching to like computer science
students students who are it's like
networking economic students so it'd be
really interesting to see the kind
students I'll be attracted to produce
coal yes
actually we're reaching to like in my
faculty let's say our engineering and
computer science faculty and I think we
do have one of the universities in Hong
Kong they are starting to having
approaching ah
in in the university so we are kind of
like negotiating with them shall see how
we can work out with them thank you
you're welcome
yeah I think I think one of the things
I'd love to see in the organizing repo
in proto school is any of those things
where something is working particularly
well for one chapter that they can share
those ideas so for example Dan who's
already hosted an event if he wants to
share some ideas on what worked well
with mentorship on-site or things you
forgot to think about before the event
or whatever it might be and as you go
along in this process of talking to the
university if there are techniques that
work I'm sure it would be a great kind
of source of learning for the leaders
too to see what each other are doing and
some things will be cultural right not
everything that works in one place will
work in another but it's worth throwing
out some ideas and seeing what sticks
with other people yeah absolutely so I
can put a little something up on my my
feedback for the last one and I guess
the other thing is an update on what I'm
planning in the future is that so one of
the things I'm doing outside of this is
playing eath Denver which is really an
exciting thing that's happening here and
14th through the 17th I believe of a be
wary and before that we're having
something looks akin to a startup week
where we have community submitted events
and one of these for sure is going to be
kind of I'm thinking along the lines of
maybe a brief demo introduction but like
a lab class style meetup where we can
interact with proto school do the
tutorials and have a few of the
community who have been through some of
them to help with people who are there
who might eat it so I'm gonna give you
some feedback on if that works or not
but I've had success with that kind of
style at other kind of it's got like
general learning meetups so that'll be
fun
I'm also they have an order of some
proto school and excuse me that proto
school ipfs and proto labs swag that
I'll be passing out for there and I
don't know if those stickers will be
ready in time for mid-february if they
are I would love to pass some of those
out
my impression is that they will be I've
just been chatting with Jesse he's
getting it sent to the people who
produce our swag in general so they can
get them printed and added to the
broader inventory so I will keep you
posted as soon as we have that but he's
closely like he's he's on your specific
request and hope they make awesome all
its to you so you know he's thinking
about that silver cool thanks guys
can anyone else have updates they want
to share about 10 minutes left but
actually I might have one other thing I
know I had started up just a little
issue in the organizing chapter to say
hi and get introduced to everybody and
so I was hoping maybe I could have
everybody check that out and add a
little who I am and what I'm passionate
about what I'm doing here kind of thing
I think it'd be a fun way so we can all
feel like a more galvanized community
across across the borders here and where
is that can you stand again
yeah it's uh I believe it's under the
ipfs community or no excuse me is it
proto school organizing I believe proto
school organizing so just a place for
chapter organizers to introduce
themselves and why they're why they're
excited and what they're doing in their
chapters which is great that's exactly
the kind of discussion we want to have
their dance I appreciated you starting
up yeah for sure
awesome I I want to ping Jim real quick
thanks for that sample code that you put
in your pad um that's that that was
certainly helpful so I had some general
questions about pier pad because it's
actually come up a few times from like
other community members know so like it
feels like it's been like close to
launching for like as long as I've seen
it like always it seems to be in like a
perpetual almost ready things like how
what do you think about the current sort
of like reliability and usability it's
really really close there's we've been
doing some scalability testing I found
I've been working the last week trying
to solve like when you scale it up to
like 20 people one person would get like
corruption sometimes which is like
really really bad so Oh narrowed it down
I've done like extreme forensic sort of
work so that's going to be fixed in a
day or two so then the the the big issue
blocker I would say would be just making
sure that the data gets pinned like
forever
like if people are editing data and then
they go back three weeks later and their
document is there anymore
it'll be saved locally in their web
browser but like you know other people
that would not be the user experience
that we want so just speaking so we have
the thing called a pin er which joins
the collaboration and it watches
everything in a saves it to this can we
have a on the development version we
have one running on Heroku prom with
Heroku is they have a ephemeral disk so
let's restore its local disk so we have
to save it somewhere else
so I don't see it as being a big job but
there seems to be a lot of different
ways we can places we could save the
data and like for long-term use I think
being ipfs it'd be good to start an IP
offense right so yeah when you and you
can point a PFF storage at an s3 bucket
as well yeah so there's a lot of
different strategies so I think we just
have to pick pick one and make sure that
we're sort of in sync with the
infrastructure team so that they can
keep it alive and babysit it and make
sure you know it's sort of hands-off
like the developers don't have to run it
although we don't mind running it for
the first little bit but it's right
right have like a bit of a handoff so
it's just that last little last mile the
development versions getting pretty
stable like I'm looking at like web
porches trying to do and ideally we
could just if you're doing it be ug ug s
at I'd like to actually just do a view
version of it so you don't have to use
react you just embed it straight into
your website you don't have to link to
anywhere else right right I think
component yeah I think that the really
cool thing there is like so we like part
of porcius thing is just taking notes
from somewhere and then adding them to
github and the cool thing about this is
that there isn't really like there's not
an API because the data is not like
locked up somewhere it's it's just we
needed like a client-side
we'll call the data out of whatever
decentralized network and then and then
like give me the pad so that was that
was actually like a really kind of cool
feature and like kind of shows like how
cool the distributed web is but uh yeah
it's it is this is all sort of mood
until it reliable enough to you know
yeah yeah that's really close I think
that what I'm curious about is like how
would like you can encrypt all the
content in there and there's like a
public key and a private key although
you can even run it unencrypted
but then that lets anybody vandalize it
so it'd be very interesting like how you
would maybe tie that in and maybe maybe
could use like github authentication or
something I don't know I don't know how
you want tea I noticed the Portia's app
is using github like he put your github
user key in there so maybe by now yeah
so this is like phase one so what I
would like the users to do and his first
phase is to clone the repo and put in
their key in their individual key and
then use it locally um that's not really
a good use for it um so I'll have to
figure out only where we don't need the
key and we don't need like the users key
I haven't thought that through but in
terms of pure pad what I would like to
do one I would like for us to have like
an initial meeting where we can just
talk about the different features of
peer pad and such and then like the nut
and like a second follow-up meeting
where we can really talk about exactly
how we can combine view and peer pad
together of combined the contributor
automation and excuse me community sync
I am sorry the community sync automation
and peer pad we were originally so I was
working with Google Docs and I mean
Google Docs it works for some of the
community sinks but we want we want to
stay in a spirit of using something
that's also the district
web as well and so Pierre pad really
fits well into meeting that goal and I
can't wait to like have more
conversations with you ends up around
more with your pad as that we can use it
yeah yeah we're we still have to put in
the tutorial stuff but even obviously
make it work would put pro to school so
I like idea dogfooding it and trying to
use it for just internal use yeah so so
for the whole embedding thing like
rather than them playing around with all
these different plug-in architectures
like if it was just a web component then
it would work everywhere so that
wouldn't that would be nice yeah yeah
you know does anybody know GSI PFS work
can be do es6 modules I think I don't
know if you can do like I'm not know I
mean like like I don't think that I
don't think that we can include them in
the ipfs source tree because at some
point you could cause you all of that
can be important from node as well
yeah yes I bundling yeah but if you have
a bundler and you import a PFS and I
mean we're doing this in view obviously
like yes using es6 module syntax and
we're importing a PFS into the same
thing and then web package I'm wiling it
down yeah yeah yeah but that's the fun
part when I give it a quick time check
we have another minute okay
all right well that was great thank
everybody for popping in had a nice chat
thanks for the update and see all next
week